03 Object-Oriented Programming
Test your knowledge
1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
public: the member is accessible everywhere
private:    the member is only accessible within the class
protected:  the member is accessible with the class and its drive class
internal:   the member is accessible within the assembly
protected internal: the member is accessible by the drived class and the assembly
private protected:  the member is accessible only within its declaring class or a derived class with the same assembly.

2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
Static:     When the member is static, we don't need to instance the object. We often create static class for utility or library.
const:      The const member can not be change at the compile time, and we have to assign a value to it.
readonly:   the value can assign in the declaration or in the constructor. they can not change at the compile time.

3. What does a constructor do?
A constructor initializes a new object of a class. It automatically called when an object is created.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
A partial keyword is splitting a class across multiple classes. It is benefit for organize code in the large project.

5. What is a tuple?
A tuple is a lightweight data structure that can hold multiple value of different datatype at the same time.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
The record keyword defines a reference type with value-based equality, immutability by default, and concise syntax for data modeling.

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
overloading access within the same class. the method has same method name, access modified but different input or output. construture is a good example
overriding happens between the base class and derived class. the mothod has same method name, access modifier and same input and output. only the the implimentation is different. 

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
A field directly stores data in a class.
Property provide controlled access to a field, with optional getter and setter.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
By providing a default value.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Interface declare method without implement the method.
abstract class can have abstract and non abstract method. the derived class has to override the abstract method. 

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
Always public by default.

12. True. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.

13. True. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.

14. False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.

15. False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 

16.True. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 

17. True.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 

18. True.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 

19. False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.

20. False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.

21. True. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.

22. False. A class can have more than one base class.

23. True. A class can implement more than one interface.
